Add load from default header doc (#212)
kuzudb/kuzu-docs: src/content/docs/cypher/query-clauses/load-from.md

```

### Enforce Schema

> By default, Kùzu will infer the column names and data types from the scan source automatically, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Kùzu will infer the column names and data types from the scan source automatically.
```

> - for parquet, pandas, polars & pyarrow, column names and data types are always available in the data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For Parquet, Pandas, Polars and PyArrow, column names and data types are always available in the data source
```

> - for csv, we use header as schema if available, otherwise we fallback naming to `column0, column1, ...` and assume all data types are `STRING`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For CSV, we use header as schema if available, otherwise we fallback naming to `column0, column1, ...` and assume all data types are `STRING`
```

> - for json, we use keys as column names, and infer a common data type from all values under the key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For json, we use keys as column names, and infer a common data type from each key's values
```

> To enforce specific column names and data types when readi, you can use the `LOAD WITH HEADERS (<name> <dataType>, ...) FROM ...` syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enforce specific column names and data types when reading, you can use the `LOAD WITH HEADERS (<name> <dataType>, ...) FROM ...` syntax.
```
